hi guys this is throw testing mom
wanting to show you my grocery haul
just got back from shopping at aldis and
most of this came from aldis today and I
picked up a couple things from just some
drinks and a thing or two from dog tree
this week because I still got plenty in
the freezer but anyway most of this came
from aldis but I wanted to show you
right fit what I got I got y'all know
I'm on a weight loss journey so I've
been trying to eat better and eat better
food so of course i got my lettuce for
my salads i eat a salad for lunch every
day got some zucchini bag of onions some
green peppers and i love these seedless
cucumbers like this some tomatoes cut me
a bag of walnuts turkey bacon all this
game from aldis some chicken breast
tenderloins turkey meatballs and this is
something new I had never seen like I
switch italian turkey sausage lean my
husband loves Italian sausages bacon
beer couple cans of these mushrooms
three bean salad I love this stuff well
everything's upside down it three bean
salad whoa get some barbecue sauce this
is my fav light Italian if you want a
good suit this is a really good suit fit
and active I know there's some out there
to pile a little bit low in calories but
this is 200 200 calories
they notice it's 120 for one serving
Sophie about 240 feet l can which
usually I eat the whole can if I don't
have it that's all I have but it's
really really good got big old chunks of
chicken and noodles in it and it's just
yummy fun did you see back here I got
cigarettes and coffee I had to hand me a
cup of coffee every morning just my
thing I do in the morning straight
coffee and get on facebook facebook is
like my morning newspaper thing what's
going on but my husband loves griots I
get grits for him and I got three things
of eggs cuz he eats a lot of eggs for
breakfast and i uz one to two eggs in
the morning for breakfast most mornings
I got some steak seasoning because we
are going to have us a steak Monday and
the grill I got some brown rice someone
tried I've never eat brown rice I think
I showed the green peppers I always get
smoked sausage like this to cut up in
some veggies sometimes we eat it for
breakfast I also got me some low calorie
sweetener from the coffee and I put a
little bit on strawberries and some of
this stuff as I got from a husband he
craves pizza which he's child he's lost
some weight too so he's on trying to eat
better but every now and then he wants
pizza so I'm gonna make him a couple of
pizzas like that these are pre-cut
sausages heat in the morning so he gets
up early to go to work so a lot of times
I'll cook his breakfast at night and put
it in a crate and he just warms it up in
the mornings and scrambled eggs and it's
a couple days sausage links or or an
omelet or something and he warms it up
meets it goes work alright toothpicks
the bananas and I got some more on just
cuz I
posting those oranges and I got those so
that's pretty much all i got besides a
couple of cola drinks for him oh yeah
and I got me a 12 pack of diet green
teeth and then drinking green tea cuz
all I was drinking this water so every
now and then I like to have a diet green
tea but most of all I still just drink
water but you know sometimes you want a
little taste the song so okay I've been
drinking diet green tea song but that's
all I got to sleep I didn't need to get
a whole lot of meats and stuff because I
still got some stuff in the freezer and
that is my mini ya didn't really a mini
harm and i spent about 68 bucks but this
is my home and I hope you enjoyed it and
get idea what i'm eating and what my
husband's easy but my say what i'm
eating because i'm under you know trying
to get await last time so and so far
it's looking good and then lost about 33
pounds so I'm doing good alrighty y'all
have a wonderful thrift astok day and
i'll talk to you guys later bye